Update Cloud Sync Troubleshooting docn (#115801)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/hybrid/cloud-sync/how-to-troubleshoot.md

This information provides detailed steps and where the synchronization problem is occurring. In this way, you can pinpoint the exact spot of the problem.

> #### Microsoft Entra ID Object Deletion Threshold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Microsoft Entra ID object deletion threshold
```

> If you have an implementation topology with Microsoft Entra Connect and Microsoft Entra Connect cloud sync, both exporting to the same Microsoft Entra ID Tenant, or if you completely moved from using Microsoft Entra Connect to Microsoft Entra Connect cloud sync, you may get the following export error message, when deleting or moving multiple objects out of the defined scope:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an implementation topology with Microsoft Entra Connect and Microsoft Entra Connect cloud sync, both exporting to the same Microsoft Entra ID Tenant, or if you completely moved from using Microsoft Entra Connect to Microsoft Entra Connect cloud sync, you might get the following export error message when you're deleting or moving multiple objects out of the defined scope:
```

![Screenshot that shows the export error.](media/how-to-troubleshoot/log-4.png)

> This error is not related to the [Microsoft Entra Connect Cloud Sync accidental deletions prevention feature](../cloud-sync/how-to-accidental-deletes.md). It is triggered by the [accidental deletion prevention feature](../connect/how-to-connect-sync-feature-prevent-accidental-deletes.md) set in the Microsoft Entra ID directory from Microsoft Entra Connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error isn't related to the [Microsoft Entra Connect Cloud Sync accidental deletions prevention feature](../cloud-sync/how-to-accidental-deletes.md). It's triggered by the [accidental deletion prevention feature](../connect/how-to-connect-sync-feature-prevent-accidental-deletes.md) set in the Microsoft Entra ID directory from Microsoft Entra Connect.
```

> If you don't have a Microsoft Entra Connect server installed any longer from which you could toggle the feature, you can use the ["AADCloudSyncTools"](../cloud-sync/reference-powershell.md) PowerShell module installed with the Microsoft Entra Connect cloud sync agent, to disable the setting on the tenant and allow the blocked deletions to export, after confirming they are expected and should be allowed. Use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a Microsoft Entra Connect server installed from which you could toggle the feature, you can use the ["AADCloudSyncTools"](../cloud-sync/reference-powershell.md) PowerShell module installed with the Microsoft Entra Connect cloud sync agent to disable the setting on the tenant and allow the blocked deletions to export after confirming they are expected and should be allowed. Use the following command:
```

```PowerShell
Disable-AADCloudSyncToolsDirSyncAccidentalDeletionPrevention -tenantId "340ab039-c6b1-48a5-9ba7-28fe88f83980"
```

> During the next provisioning cycle, the object that were marked for deletion should be deleted from the Azure AD directory successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the next provisioning cycle, the objects that were marked for deletion should be deleted from the Azure AD directory successfully.
```
